Add caution to USB device (#649)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/addons/pcidevices.md

USB passthrough is slightly different from PCI passthrough. For example, you can fully control a USB controller with four USB ports by creating a `PCIDeviceClaim`. However, you can also create a `USBDeviceClaim` to control only one USB port. The other three USB ports remain available to the node.

:::caution

> Please detach the USB device from VM and disable it before unplugging it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you remove the USB device, detach it from the virtual machine and then disable passthrough on the **USB Devices** screen.
```

Reviewer: I used *disable passthrough* because the UI control is `Disable Passthrough` (not Disable Device).

Author: Sounds good, thanks!
